This is Career Ops. I forked an open source
job search pipeline and rebuilt it into
a cost-governed system run by 52 scheduled
agents. It runs my actual job search.
One honest note before we start.
the real dashboard shows recruiter names
and salary numbers. so what you're watching
is the same system pointed at a demo dataset.
Every company on this screen is invented.
Everything else is real. This is the Apply
Now board. Every role here ran through triage.
a multimodal scoring council.
and adjudication before it earned a rank.
These scores aren't hardcoded.
They're computed per role.
grounded in my actual CV corpus.
with the source cited. Over 1100 role reports
have come through this pipeline.
Here's the part that matters.
I don't just run agents. I watch them.
Batch telemetry with per run cost and timing.
a regression guard that flags when something
quietly breaks. a health agent that checks
O auth tokens. quotas. and scheduled jobs
every morning. When you operate agents in
production. the hard part isn't generation.
It's knowing when they're wrong.
One story to make that concrete:
a model vendor deprecated a single API parameter.
Every batch started failing silently.
and the queue just kept retrying forever.
No crash. no error email.
nothing. The dashboard is how I caught it.
The batch panel showed 100% errors at zero
progress. Symptom. telemetry.
fix. That loop is the whole reason this
page exists. I built this to run my own
search. but the muscle is the one a forward
deployed role needs. Stand up an agentic
system against a real workflow.
instrument it. and keep it honest.
Even this voice is synthetic.
cloned from me with my consent.
The code is on my GitHub.
and I write about what I learn at thestorytellermitch.com.
Check the receipts.